- [Instructor] Now let's add one more method
which is going to edit the order.
Okay, so now since it's the edit kind of changing the data,
we're gonna add POST method for the RESTful P.
Okay that's the first thing,
and then let's also have an explicit path for it,
let's say edit, okay.
Next is, let's write out the method.
Public, String, editOrder,
and let's go and...
Take a reference of all the object as a parameter.
Okay, and let's also type the...
'Order to edit',
so once we get the Order object as a parameter,
I'm just going to query the orderId for it and print it out
to ensure that it was indeed the order that we tried
to send from the Postman tool, okay?
So basically we're going to hit this method
with the Postman tool,
passing an Order JSON it should come here
and I should be able to get an Order object
for the corresponding JSON and then I should be able to
retrieve the orderId inside the method on line number 37.
Okay?
Once that's done, of course you're,
you can go and edit the Order and then say,
return a statement saying OrderEdited successfully.
So in your line application of course you
will have some kind of processing logic where I've
returned a comment on line 38,
where you'll edit the order or
maybe to sum transactions against a database,
and then come back and tell the customer that
yes the order was edited successfully, okay?
Okay, so that's one more method that we've added.
Let's add another one.
Let's add a GET method and what is this going to do?
Let's also add a Path for this,
okay, alright.
getOrder, so this one that we were trying to have,
is getting us all the orders that you have,
this one is getting a specific order, okay?
And in order to do this, once we get the order,
of course this is also going to produce MediaType JSON,
that is APPLICATION_JSON.
Okay, and now what we will do here is,
we are going to write a method.
What will this return?
This will return a simple Order object
and the name of the method
will be findOrder and this will of course
take the unique identifier to find out the orderId.
And this orderId we are going to pass as a query parameter.
So for that, as for the RESTful API basics,
we annotate the parameter with the QueryParam annotation.
And also specify how is it going to come,
it's going to come in the form of this ID variable.
Okay?
Once this is done, what I am going to do is,
I'm going to just iterate the list of orders
so I can copy line number 30
and paste it on line 47.
So this is my list of orders, okay?
And I'm going to iterate this list
for every order...
inside this orders.
What I'm gonna do, I'm gonna to just compare the orderId
with the incoming orderId received as a parameter.
That's all.
And if I get a match,
I'm going to just return that order object back, that's all.
Okay, if there's nothing then I'll just return null.
There we go.
So we'll read a QueryParam, this is a GET request,
which means the ID parameter is going to come
in the query stream,
we are going to make sure that we find a match for that
in our list of orders that we already have.
And if we have a match then
we will just return that order, nothing more.
Okay, so we have added a couple of other methods
to RESTful API, let's test this out in the next video.